README.md, before:

# Audio-Bid

## Installation
### Initial Project Setup
1. Clone the Repository
2. Install Python
3. Go to Project Folder and run virtual env: `py -3 -m venv .venv`, `.venv\scripts\activate`
4. Install Django in virtual env: `python -m pip install --upgrade pip`, `python -m pip install django`
5. Or pip install -r requirements.txt
6. Follow the Database Setup Instruction
7. Setup values in `config.ini.sample` => rename `config.ini.sample` to `config.ini`
7. To create migrations: `python manage.py makemigrations`, `python manage.py migrate`
8. To run the application: `python manage.py runserver`
### PostgressSQL Database Setup
1. Install PostgressSQL from: [Download Link](https://www.enterprisedb.com/postgresql-tutorial-resources-training?uuid=db55e32d-e9f0-4d7c-9aef-b17d01210704&campaignId=7012J000001NhszQAC)
2. Run application pgAdmin
3. Create a Database : `audiobidDB` under Databases
4. If migrations give error, trying changing password in the settings.py to the one that you set when you started the pgAdmin application.

Commit message:

Added Google OAuth Setup Steps

README.md, after:

# Audio-Bid

## Installation
### Initial Project Setup
1. Clone the Repository
2. Install Python
3. Go to Project Folder and run virtual env: `py -3 -m venv .venv`, `.venv\scripts\activate`
4. Install Django in virtual env: `python -m pip install --upgrade pip`, `python -m pip install django`
5. Or pip install -r requirements.txt
6. Follow the Database Setup Instruction
7. Setup values in `config.ini.sample` => rename `config.ini.sample` to `config.ini`
8. To create migrations: `python manage.py makemigrations`, `python manage.py migrate`
9. To make static files load, run : `python manage.py collectstatic`
8. To run the application: `python manage.py runserver`
### PostgressSQL Database Setup
1. Install PostgressSQL from: [Download Link](https://www.enterprisedb.com/postgresql-tutorial-resources-training?uuid=db55e32d-e9f0-4d7c-9aef-b17d01210704&campaignId=7012J000001NhszQAC)
2. Run application pgAdmin
3. Create a Database : `audiobidDB` under Databases
4. If migrations give error, trying changing password in the settings.py to the one that you set when you started the pgAdmin application.
### Google OAuth Setup
1. If you have existing Db, Delete it
2. Create new DB and new super user
3. Run migration commands
4. Login to admin
5. Make sure User, Sites and Social Accounts Tabs are visible
6. Click on Sites, delete Example.com, add site `127.0.0.1:8000`
7. Click on save and add another site `localhost:8000`
8. Click on Social Applications, then add social application
9. Set Provide as `google`, Name as `Google_Oauth` and get Client Id and Secrect from Ajinkya
10. Move all the avaiable sites to chosen sites and click on Save
11. If after this you get error `Site Matching Query does not exist` on using Google Auth, try incrementing Site_ID by 1, until error goes away
